# Tutorial 3 Results

## Q2 Results

Following results were obtained by compiling and running the **ackermannFull.c** file:

* Procedure calls         : 172233
* Max Reg Win Depth       : 511
* Reg file Overflow  (6)  : 84883
* Reg file Underflow (6)  : 84885  
* Reg file Overflow  (8)  : 83909
* Reg file Underflow (8)  : 83911
* Reg file Overflow  (16) : 80140
* Reg file Underflow (16) : 80142

## Q3 Results

**Looping within the code**  
The following result was obtained by compiling and running the **ackermannTrim.c** file with the Linux `time` command.

real    1m38.730s  
user    1m38.463s  
sys     0m0.052s  

Here we only need to focus on the user time, as this is the amount of time spent by the system running the program.  
Since the **ackermannTrim** file runs the function 100,000 times we end up with a time of _0.00098463_ seconds or _0.98463_ milliseconds.

**Looping outside of the code**  
To check if there was any difference between looping the function within the C code and looping it outside of the C code, the **ackermannTrimNoLoop.c** file was run 100,000 from the terminal using:   
``` 
for x in {0..100000}
do
    ./a.out
done
```  
and the time was measured using the Linux `time` command again:   
real    8m3.418s  
user    3m42.030s  
sys     2m27.293s  

This was much slower. Not only did the time taken to run the function increase to _2.2203_ milliseconds, but the time taken by the system was also greatly increased. I believe all of this is due to the extra overhead of launching the program each time.   
I believe the first option provides more accurate results as it only includes the time taken to run the function and does not include much of the overhead present in the second method. The tests were carried out 100,000 times and for these reasons I believe the first method provided an accurate result of the running time of the function.
